CPO-46 Restructure Data Structures content (#120)
hazelcast/management-center-docs: docs/modules/data-structures/pages/lock.adoc

= Locks
[[monitoring-locks]]

You can use the scripting feature of the Management Center to
monitor the locks in your cluster. See the xref:scripting.adoc[Scripting section]
to learn how to use this feature.

> You can use the below scripts to retrieve various information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use these JavaScript functions to retrieve various information
```

about the locks in your cluster.

> To find the number of active locks in your cluster, use the following script:

Reviewer: Can we add headings to these? For example: 'Finding Active Locks'

Author: added

> [source,plain]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,javascript]
```

----
var findLocks = function() {
    var lockstr = '';
    var node = hazelcast.getCluster().getLocalMember();

    var locks = hazelcast.node.nodeEngine.getService('hz:impl:lockService').getAllLocks();
    return "Active Lock Count : " + locks.size();

}

findLocks();
----

To print the locks in your cluster, use the following script:

> [source,plain]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,javascript]
```

----
var findLocks = function() {
        var lockStr = '';
        var distributedObjects = hazelcast.getDistributedObjects();
        for each(distributedObject in distributedObjects) {
            if(distributedObject.getServiceName().equals("hz:impl:lockService")){
                lockStr += distributedObject.getName() + '\n';
            }

        }
        return lockStr;
}

findLocks();
----

To force unlock a lock in your cluster, use the following script:

> [source,plain]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,javascript]
```

----
var forceUnlock = function(lockName) {

    hazelcast.getLock(lockName).forceUnlock();
    return 'OK';

}

forceUnlock('your_Lock_Name');
----

To check if a lock is being hold by a member, use the following script:

> [source,plain]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,javascript]
```
